Hello,

The issues we previously identified still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 6dfb4aa6-4d38-4909-a1b0-f351c392384a
Review date: September 15, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.1.0 (23)

Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

In-app purchase products associated with the app version submitted for review, such as "Premium" and "Pro ", could not be found in the submitted binary.

Next Steps

If these In-App Purchase products are not intended to be available at this time, remove them from App Store Connect before resubmitting.

If these In-App Purchase products are intended to be available in the app, complete these steps:

1. Ensure the products are active and that StoreKit is implemented in the app. If not, submit a new binary with these changes.
2. Resubmit any rejected In-App Purchase products alongside the new binary. Rejected In-App Purchases can be found in App Store Connect in the sidebar under Monetization.
3. Test your In-App Purchase products in the sandbox environment using the Sandbox Apple Account configured in App Store Connect to confirm they are active, correctly implemented, and completing successfully before resubmitting.

After completing these steps, resubmit the app for review and attach a screen recording captured on a physical device in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect. The recording must:

- Begin from the Home Screen, launch the app, and demonstrate the complete user flow through the app's core features using the demo account you provided in App Review Information.
- Show a successful sandbox purchase demonstrating that the In-App Purchase products are active and completing as expected
- Demonstrate all other purchase flows to access paid digital goods or services

Resources

- Learn how to implement In-App Purchase in the app in the In-App Purchase Programming Guide.
- Learn more about offering In-App Purchases in App Store Connect Help.
- Learn more about testing In-App Purchases in the sandbox environment.
Guideline 1.5 - Safety
Issue Description

The Support URL provided in App Store Connect, http://www.thefoodadvisor.co.uk, is currently not functional and/or displays an error.

Next Steps

Update the specified Support URL to direct users to a functional webpage with support information.